Adding information running script in OpenSearch (#7397)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/bulk.md

  { "doc" : { "title": "World War Z" }, "doc_as_upsert": true }
  ```

>   You can specify a script for more complex document updates and define the script with `source` or `id`. 

Reviewer: Does my suggestion change the technical meeting at all?

```suggestion
  You can specify a script for more complex document updates by defining the script with the `source` or `id` from a document: 
```

Author: It does not @Naarcha-AWS , thanks for the suggestion.
